biegen,bog,gebogen,du biegst
binden,band,gebunden,du bindest
blasen,blies,geblasen,du bläst
brechen,brach,gebrochen,du brichst
dringen,drang,gedrungen,du dringst
empfehlen,empfahl,empfohlen,du empfiehlst
essen,ass,gegessen,du isst
fahren,fuhr,gefahren,du fährst
fallen,fiel,gefallen,du fallst
fliegen,flog,geflogen,du fliegst
fliehen,floh,geflohen,du fliehst
fliessen,floss,geflossen,du fliesst
frieren,fror,gefroren,du frierst
gelten,galt,gegolten,du giltst
geniessen,genoss,genossen,du geniesst 
gewinnen,gewann,gewonnen,du gewinnst
greifen,griff,gegriffen,du greifst
heissen,hiess,geheissen,du heisst
helfen,half,geholfen,du hilfst
klingen,klang,geklungen,du klingst
laden,lud,geladen,du lädst
Tassen,liess,gelassen,du lässt
leihen,lieh,geliehen,du leihst
liegen,lag,gelegen,du liegst
lügen,log,gelogen,du lögst
raten,riet,geraten,du rätst
riechen,roch,gerochen,du riechst
scheinen,schien,geschienen,du scheinst
schlafen,schlief,geschlafen,du schläfst
schliessen,schloss,geschlossen,du schliesst
schneiden,schnitt,geschnitten,du schneidest
schreiben,schrieb,geschrieben,du schreibst
sehen,sah,gesehen,du siehst
sitzen,sass,gesessen,du sitzt
stehen,stand,gestanden,du stehst
stinken,stank,gestunken,du stinkst
stossen,stiess,gestossen,du stösst